README.md, before:

# xmrSale
### (Monero specialized fork of [SatSale](https://github.com/nickfarrow/xmrSale))
xmrSale is a simple, easily deployable, lightweight Monero payment processor that connects to your own Monero node.

Please support [via the Monero Community Crowdfunding System](https://repo.getmonero.org/monero-project/ccs-proposals/-/merge_requests/246).

## [try.xmrsale.org](https://try.xmrsale.org)

With your support, we will continually work to ensure that xmrSale remains up-to-date with the SatSale project, and also building above and beyond:
* Tor
* A zero-node mode (xpub and blockexplorers)
* Further webstore plugins
* **Better UI** with more variety of size and theme.
    * Add a currency toggle between XMR/USD on donation html.
* Timed-out payment recourse.
* Different price feeds with various currencies
* Tell us what you, the community, desire! I intent to many other features alongside the CCS milestones.

We have put a few weeks work into getting this project into a functioning state, including some of our own desired features.
Recently we have added:
* docker
* 0-conf payments
* Woocommerce plugin is fixed and working!.
Also we've put a basic monero theme in for now. We kind of like the basic style, but will modernise over time.


Donation Button     ----->  |  Monero Payment Gateway
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[![Donate demo](docs/demo_pay.png)](https://try.xmrSale.org/) <br />(Click for embed demo)<br /> Initiates payment -----> |  [![Store demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87597480/129158548-0337a429-72a0-4116-af92-b90f96a52e6c.png)](https://try.xmrSale.org/) <br />(Click for WordPress payments demo)

## Code is working but in early development and you may have upgrade pains.
**xmrSale is currently under early development, do not use for production always manually check large payments**.

<img src="https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2016/06/01/07/41/green-1428507_960_720.png" alt="drawing" width="50"/>


- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation (short!)](#installation--short--)
    + [Install](#install)
    + [Connect to your Monero Node](#connect-to-your-monero-node)
    + [Run xmrsale](#run-xmrsale)
    + [Embed a Donation Button](#embed-a-donation-button)
    + [Using HTTPS & Domains](#using-https---domains)
    + [Security](#security)
    + [Payment Gateway (Woocommerce)](#payment-gateway--woocommerce-)
- [Contributions welcomed](#contributions-welcomed)
- [Coming soon](#coming-soon)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
- [Sponsor](#sponsor)

## [try.xmrsale.org](https://try.xmrsale.org)

xmrSale is a self-hosted Monero payment processor, serving two primary use cases:
1. Donation button for your website that you can easily embed/link to anywhere.
2. Monero payment gateway, including a Woocommerce plugin that easily turns ANY Wordpress site into a Monero accepting store.

xmrSale makes donation buttons simple - easy copy paste the one line HTML iframe into your site. With a simple Python backend to talk to your own Monero node, xmrSale uses RPC to generate new addresses, and monitors the payment status with your own copy of the blockchain.

# Features
* Process payments with your own Monero node via RPC and SSH. Monero core, or any other node software that supports RPC calls.
* Direct peer-to-peer payments without any middleman. No KYC, and greater privacy than donation systems where Monero addresses are reused multiple times.
* Lightweight and highly extendable, basic html and css stying. Modular Python backend, take a [look at the code](xmrsale.py).
* Natively extendable to all Monerod node features (e.g. segwit) through RPC.
* QR codes, customizable required payment confirmations and payment expiry time.
* Privacy ensured. Monero only.

# Installation (short!)
You require a Monero node, if you don't have one you should [install one](https://sethforprivacy.com/guides/run-a-monero-node-advanced/) preferably on a Raspberry Pi / server (VPS). While you can run xmrSale on this same machine, a separate VPS is recommended.
### Install
Clone and install dependencies
```
git clone https://github.com/xmrsale/xmrSale
cd xmrSale/
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
### Connect to your Monero Node
Edit the `config.py` configuration and point to your Monero node:
```python
host = "127.0.0.1"
monerod_rpcport = "18081"
monerowallet_rpcport = "18090"
monerod_username = "MONERODRPC_USER"
monerod_password = "MONERODRPC_PASS"
wallet_username = "WALLETRPC_USER"
wallet_password = "WALLETRPC_PASS"
```
You can find these monerod rpc details in `monero.conf` or in daemon arguments within your systemd `.service`.

To be able to connect to your node with full ability to create addresses, we need to have a `monero wallet RPC` service running alongside our monerod RPC. Note most node guides do not install this by default, including sethforprivacy's.

To run `monero-wallet-rpc` with arguments, it is probably easiest to run this as a service like you may have done for your monerod daemon. We  will just create a similar `.service`, here is an example [monerowallet.service](docs/monerowallet.service). You can set the wallet RPC login as arguments in this file.

Connecting to a remote node is easy and can be done over SSH tunneling or tor hidden services (tor not yet working), you can do this manually with
```
ssh root@IP -q -N -L 18081:localhost:18081
ssh root@IP -q -N -L 18090:localhost:18090
```
or whatever ports you're using. Further config examples can be found in [docs/](docs/).

### Run xmrSale
Run xmrSale with
```
gunicorn -w 1 -b 0.0.0.0:8000 xmrsale:app
```
Gunicorn is a lightweight python HTTP server, alternatively you can run with just `python xmrsale.py` though this is not recommended for production.

That's it! You should now be able to view your xmrSale server at `http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8000/`. If running locally, this will be `127.0.0.1:8000`.

If running on a Raspberry Pi, you will want to [forward port 8000 in your router settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24557779/105681219-f0f5fd80-5f44-11eb-942d-b574367a161f.png) so that xmrSale is also visible at your external IP address. You might have to allow gunicorn through your firewall with `sudo ufw allow 8000`.

You will want to run gunicorn with nohup so it continues serving in the background:
```
nohup gunicorn -w 1 0.0.0.0:8000 xmrsale:app > log.txt 2>&1 &
tail -f log.txt
```

### Embed a Donation Button
Now embed the donation button into your website HTML:
```html
<iframe src="http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8000/" style="margin: 0 auto;display:block;width:420px;height:460px;border:none;overflow:hidden;" scrolling="no"></iframe>
```
Changing `YOUR_SERVER_IP` to the IP address of the machine you're running xmrSale on, node or otherwise. Additionally, you could redirect a domain to that IP and use that instead.

### Using HTTPS & Domains
Embedded iframes are easy if your site only uses HTTP. But if your site uses HTTPS, then you can see your donation button at `http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8000/` but will not be able to in an embedded iframe. See [HTTPS instructions](docs/HTTPS.md).

### Security
For maximum security, we recommend hosting on a machine where your node only has access to a **watch-only** wallet.


### Payment Gateway (Woocommerce)
## TESTED AND WORKING
Currently we have a plugin for Woocommerce in Wordpress that makes Monero webstores extremely easy, [please click here for installation instructions](docs/woocommerce.md). xmrSale acts as a custom payment gateway for Woocommerce via the php plugin found in `/gateways`. We have plans to extend to other web stores in the future.

# Contributions welcomed
### You only need a little python!
The main code can be found in [xmrsale.py](xmrsale.py). The client-side logic for initiating the payment and querying the API sits in [static/xmrsale.js](static/xmrsale.js), button appearance in [templates/index.html](templates/index.html), and Woocommerce plugin in [gateways/woo_xmrsale.php](gateways/woo_xmrsale.php). Please have ago at implementing some of the things below or in the issues!

# Disclaimer
xmrSale is in very early development. As such, we are not responsible for any loss of funds, vulnerabilities with software, or any other grievances which may arise. Always confirm large payments manually.

# Sponsor
Please consider [supporting me](https://try.xmrsale.org) via my own instance of xmrSale :). You should also join me in supporting the [xmrSale](https://xmrsale.org) project as we relied on it heavily as a code base.

Commit message:

September update: Docker (packaged with node)

README.md, after:

# xmrSale
### (Monero specialized fork of [SatSale](https://github.com/nickfarrow/xmrSale))
xmrSale is a simple, easily deployable, lightweight Monero payment processor that connects to your own Monero node.

Please support [via the Monero Community Crowdfunding System](https://repo.getmonero.org/monero-project/ccs-proposals/-/merge_requests/246).

## [try.xmrsale.org](https://try.xmrsale.org)

With your support, we are continually working to ensure that xmrSale remains up-to-date with the SatSale project, and also building xmrSale specific feature:
* Tor support
* A zero-node mode (xpub and blockexplorers)
* Further webstore plugins
* **Better UI** with more variety of size and theme.
    * Add a currency toggle between XMR/USD on donation html.
* Timed-out payment recourse.
* Different price feeds with various currencies
* Tell us what you, the community, desire! I intent to many other features alongside the CCS milestones.

We have put a few weeks work into getting this project into a functioning state, including some of our own desired features.
Recently we have added:
* docker
* 0-conf payments
* Woocommerce plugin is fixed and working!.
Also we've put a basic monero theme in for now. We kind of like the basic style, but will modernise over time.


Donation Button     ----->  |  Monero Payment Gateway
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[![Donate demo](docs/demo_pay.png)](https://try.xmrSale.org/) <br />(Click for embed demo)<br /> Initiates payment -----> |  [![Store demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87597480/129158548-0337a429-72a0-4116-af92-b90f96a52e6c.png)](https://try.xmrSale.org/) <br />(Click for WordPress payments demo)

**xmrSale is currently under early development, always manually check significant payments**.

<img src="https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2016/06/01/07/41/green-1428507_960_720.png" alt="drawing" width="50"/>


- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation (short!)](#installation--short--)
    + [Install](#install)
    + [Connect to your Monero Node](#connect-to-your-monero-node)
    + [Run xmrsale](#run-xmrsale)
    + [Embed a Donation Button](#embed-a-donation-button)
    + [Using HTTPS & Domains](#using-https---domains)
    + [Security](#security)
    + [Payment Gateway (Woocommerce)](#payment-gateway--woocommerce-)
- [Contributions welcomed](#contributions-welcomed)
- [Coming soon](#coming-soon)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
- [Sponsor](#sponsor)

## [try.xmrsale.org](https://try.xmrsale.org)

xmrSale is a self-hosted Monero payment processor, serving two primary use cases:
1. Donation button for your website that you can easily embed/link to anywhere.
2. Monero payment gateway, including a Woocommerce plugin that easily turns ANY Wordpress site into a Monero accepting store.

xmrSale makes donation buttons simple - easy copy paste the one line HTML iframe into your site. With a simple Python backend to talk to your own Monero node, xmrSale uses RPC to generate new addresses, and monitors the payment status with your own copy of the blockchain.

# Features
* Process payments with your own Monero node via RPC and SSH. Monero core, or any other node software that supports RPC calls.
* Direct peer-to-peer payments without any middleman. No KYC, and greater privacy than donation systems where Monero addresses are reused multiple times.
* Lightweight and highly extendable, basic html and css stying. Modular Python backend, take a [look at the code](xmrsale.py).
* Natively extendable to all Monerod node features (e.g. segwit) through RPC.
* QR codes, customizable required payment confirmations and payment expiry time.
* Privacy ensured. Monero only.

# Installation
xmrSale needs a Monero node to check the Monero blockchain for payments. If you don't have a node, you can follow the Docker installation below which will install one for you. Or you can [install one](https://sethforprivacy.com/guides/run-a-monero-node-advanced/) yourself. While you can run xmrSale on the same machine as your Monero node, a separate VPS for xmrSale is recommended.
## Install (with node)
Clone and install dependencies
```
git clone https://github.com/xmrsale/xmrSale
cd xmrSale/
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
### Connect to your Monero Node
Edit the `config.py` configuration and point to your Monero node:
```python
host = "127.0.0.1"
monerod_rpcport = "18081"
monerowallet_rpcport = "18090"
monerod_username = "MONERODRPC_USER"
monerod_password = "MONERODRPC_PASS"
wallet_username = "WALLETRPC_USER"
wallet_password = "WALLETRPC_PASS"
```
You can find these monerod rpc details in `monero.conf` or in daemon arguments within your systemd `.service`.

To be able to connect to your node with full ability to create addresses, we need to have a `monero wallet RPC` service running alongside our monerod RPC. Note most node guides do not install this by default, including sethforprivacy's.

To run `monero-wallet-rpc` with arguments, it is probably easiest to run this as a service like you may have done for your monerod daemon. We  will just create a similar `.service`, here is an example [monerowallet.service](docs/monerowallet.service). You can set the wallet RPC login as arguments in this file.

Connecting to a remote node is easy and can be done over SSH tunneling or tor hidden services (tor not yet working), you can do this manually with
```
ssh root@IP -q -N -L 18081:localhost:18081 &
ssh root@IP -q -N -L 18090:localhost:18090 &
```
or whatever ports you're using. Make sure your ssh connection is working (without prompts!). Further config examples can be found in [docs/](docs/).

### Run xmrSale
Run xmrSale with
```
gunicorn -w 1 -b 0.0.0.0:8000 xmrsale:app
```
Gunicorn is a lightweight python HTTP server, alternatively you can run with just `python xmrsale.py` though this is not recommended for production.

That's it! You should now be able to view your xmrSale server at `http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8000/`. If running locally, this will be `127.0.0.1:8000`.

If running on a Raspberry Pi, you will want to [forward port 8000 in your router settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24557779/105681219-f0f5fd80-5f44-11eb-942d-b574367a161f.png) so that xmrSale is also visible at your external IP address. You might have to allow gunicorn through your firewall with `sudo ufw allow 8000`.

You will want to run gunicorn with nohup so it continues serving in the background:
```
nohup gunicorn -w 1 0.0.0.0:8000 xmrsale:app > log.txt 2>&1 &
tail -f log.txt
```

## Install (with Docker)
A beta docker image is now working but has **not yet been security vetted** and is not ready for production use, it is packaged with a Monero node for an easy installation:
For testing:
```
git clone https://github.com/xmrsale/xmrSale
cd xmrSale/
docker-compose up --build
```
it will have to sync with the Monero blockchain which may take some time, unless you point the `docker-compose.yml` to an existing Monero directory.

### Embed a Donation Button
Now we have xmrSale running, let's embed the donation button into a website HTML:
```html
<iframe src="http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8000/" style="margin: 0 auto;display:block;width:420px;height:460px;border:none;overflow:hidden;" scrolling="no"></iframe>
```
Change `YOUR_SERVER_IP` to the IP address of the machine you're running xmrSale on, node or otherwise. Additionally, you could redirect a domain to that IP and use that instead.

### Using HTTPS & Domains
Embedded iframes are easy if your site only uses HTTP. But if your site uses HTTPS, then you can see your donation button at `http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8000/` but will not be able to in an embedded iframe. See [HTTPS instructions](docs/HTTPS.md).


### Payment Gateway (Woocommerce)
## TESTED AND WORKING
Currently we have a plugin for Woocommerce in Wordpress that makes Monero webstores extremely easy, [please click here for installation instructions](docs/woocommerce.md). xmrSale acts as a custom payment gateway for Woocommerce via the php plugin found in `/gateways`. We have plans to extend to other web stores in the future. We have milestones for other ecommerce plugins, please reach out if there is one you desire.

# Contributions
The main code can be found in [xmrsale.py](xmrsale.py). The client-side logic for initiating the payment and querying the API sits in [static/xmrsale.js](static/xmrsale.js), button appearance in [templates/index.html](templates/index.html), and Woocommerce plugin in [gateways/woo_xmrsale.php](gateways/woo_xmrsale.php). Pull requests welcome.

# Disclaimer
xmrSale is in very early development. As such, we are not responsible for any loss of funds, vulnerabilities with software, or any other grievances which may arise. Always confirm large payments manually.

# Support
Thank you for your continued support on the Monero Community Crowdfunding System (CCS). You can also support the [satSale](https://satsale.org) project as we relied on it heavily as a code base.
