docs/tor.md, before:

# xmrSale over tor
Currently you can use Tor in two ways
1) Connect xmrSale to your Bitcoin node over a tor hidden service
2) Host xmrSale as a Tor onion

## Monero Node RPC Hidden Service
On your Monero node machine install tor and in `/etc/tor/torrc`:
```
HiddenServiceDir /var/lib/tor/node_rpc/
HiddenServicePort 8332 127.0.0.1:8332
```
then
```
sudo systemctl restart tor
cat /var/lib/tor/node_rpc/hostname
```
to get the onion URL for your tor hidden service. Add this in `config.py` like `tor_bitcoinrpc_host = "http://u7...bid.onion"`

On your xmrSale machine, install tor and in `/etc/tor/torrc` (thanks @x_y:matrix.org):
```
SocksPort 127.0.0.1:9050 IsolateClientProtocol IsolateDestPort IsolateDestAddr ExtendedErrors IPv6Traffic PreferIPv6 KeepAliveIsolateSOCKSAuth
SocksPolicy accept 127.0.0.1
SocksPolicy reject *
```
Now start the tor proxy on your xmrSale machine with `sudo tor` and xmrSale is now configured to connect to your node over tor.


## xmrSale Tor .Onion
On your xmrSale machine, install tor and in `/etc/tor/torrc`:
```
HiddenServiceDir /var/lib/tor/xmrsale/
HiddenServiceVersion 3
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:8000
```
then
```
sudo systemctl restart tor
cat /var/lib/tor/xmrsale/hostname
```
to get your onion URL. Go visit!

Note that this will only work in some Tor browsers, and often not in the official Tor Browser unless you fully enable javascript etc.

Commit message:

September update: Docker (packaged with node)

docs/tor.md, after:

# xmrSale over tor
Currently you can use Tor in two ways
1) Connect xmrSale to your Monero node over a tor hidden service
2) Host xmrSale as a Tor onion

## Monero Node RPC Hidden Service
On your Monero node install tor and in `/etc/tor/torrc`:
```
HiddenServiceDir /var/lib/tor/node_rpc/
HiddenServicePort NODE_RPC_PORT 127.0.0.1:NODE_RPC_PORT
HiddenServiceDir /var/lib/tor/wallet_rpc/
HiddenServicePort WALLET_RPC_PORT 127.0.0.1:WALLET_RPC_PORT
```
with the appropriate NODE_RPC_PORT () and WALLET_RPC_PORT ()
then
```
sudo systemctl restart tor
cat /var/lib/tor/node_rpc/hostname
```
to get the onion URL for your tor hidden service. Add this in `config.py` like `tor_bitcoinrpc_host = "http://u7...bid.onion"`

On your xmrSale machine, install tor and in `/etc/tor/torrc` (thanks @x_y:matrix.org):
```
SocksPort 127.0.0.1:9050 IsolateClientProtocol IsolateDestPort IsolateDestAddr ExtendedErrors IPv6Traffic PreferIPv6 KeepAliveIsolateSOCKSAuth
SocksPolicy accept 127.0.0.1
SocksPolicy reject *
```
Now start the tor proxy on your xmrSale machine with `sudo tor` and xmrSale is now configured to connect to your node over tor.


## xmrSale Tor .Onion
Monero payment gateway accessible over tor.
On your xmrSale machine, install tor and in `/etc/tor/torrc`:
```
HiddenServiceDir /var/lib/tor/xmrsale/
HiddenServiceVersion 3
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:8000
```
then
```
sudo systemctl restart tor
cat /var/lib/tor/xmrsale/hostname
```
to get your onion URL. Go visit!

Note that this will only work in some Tor browsers, and often not in the official Tor Browser unless you fully enable javascript etc.
